## Revenue Endpoint

We need to create a new endpoint that will return the total revenue for each brand and follows this URL pattern:

`/revenue_by_brand/?take=10&skip=0&start_date=2024-07-01&end_date=2024-07-10&order_by=revenue&sort_order=asc`

- the `take` parameter should limit the number of results returned. If the `take` parameter is not provided, the endpoint should return all brands.
- the `skip` parameter should be used to skip a number of results. If the `skip` parameter is not provided, the endpoint should return the first `take` results.
- the `start_date` and `end_date` parameters are in `YYYY-MM-DD` format and should be used to filter the results by date and are both optional. They are both _inclusive_.
- the `order_by` parameter should be used to order the results by `revenue` or `brand_name`. If the `order_by` parameter is not provided, the endpoint should order the results by `revenue`.
- the `sort_order` parameter should be used to sort the results in `asc` or `desc` order. If the `sort_order` parameter is not provided, the endpoint should sort the results in `asc` order.

The endpoint should return the total revenue for each brand. Reponses should be in the following format:

```json
{
    "results": [
        {
            "brand_name": "Amazon",
            "total_products": 2,
            "total_products_premium": 1,
            "revenue": 100.0
        },
        ...
    ],
    "total_results": 11
}
```

### Database

In our database, we have the following tables:

```mermaid
erDiagram
product ||--|{ product_day : "has many"
product {
    integer id PK
    varchar name
    integer brand_id
    boolean is_premium
}
product_day {
    date day
    integer product_id FK
    float revenue
}
```

The migration that creates the `product_day` table is in the repository [here](../migrations/20240723_01_Hwf5L-add-initial-tables.sql).

### Brands API

Due to licensing issues with the data, we cannot store the brands in our database.
Brands are available through a 3rd party API endpoint that returns the following format:

```json
[
  { "id": 1, "name": "Nike" },
  { "id": 2, "name": "Adidas" },
  ...
]
```

The brands API endpoint is available at:

- [https://669f3b15b132e2c136fd11c7.mockapi.io/brands](https://669f3b15b132e2c136fd11c7.mockapi.io/brands)
- [https://669f3b15b132e2c136fd11c7.mockapi.io/brands/{id}](https://669f3b15b132e2c136fd11c7.mockapi.io/brands/{id})
